Added env variables (#630)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

- `DISTINCT` subclause can now be used with aggregation functions.
  Until now, if you wanted to use an aggregation function with distinct values, you had to write a query similar to this one `WITH DISTINCT n.prop as distinct_prop RETURN COUNT(distinct_prop)`. Now you can use the `DISTINCT` clause like in the following query, `RETURN COUNT(DISTINCT n.prop)` . [#654](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/665)

> - Added option for creating user from environment variables before bolt server starts. Environment variables are `MG_USER` for first user username, `MG_PASSWORD` for user password and `MG_PASSFILE` file that contains username and password for user in format `username:password`. [#696](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/696)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now create a user before the Bolt server starts using the environment variables MG_USER` for the user username, `MG_PASSWORD` for the user password and `MG_PASSFILE` file that contains username and password for the user in the following format: `username:password`. [#696](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/696)
```

Reviewer: @niko4299  how about this?

> - You can now create a user before the Bolt server starts using the environment variables `ENTERPRISE_MG_USER` for the user username, `ENTERPRISE_MG_PASSWORD` for the user password and `ENTERPRISE_MG_PASSFILE` file that contains username and password for creating the user in the following format: `username:password`. [#696](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/696)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now create a user before the Bolt server starts using the environment variables `ENTERPRISE_MG_USER` for the username, `ENTERPRISE_MG_PASSWORD` for the password and `ENTERPRISE_MG_PASSFILE` file that contains username and password for creating the user in the following format: `username:password`. [#696](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/696)
```
